switch from sapm to otlphttp as default (#5588)
signalfx/splunk-otel-collector: README.md

[the default agent config](https://github.com/signalfx/splunk-otel-collector/blob/main/cmd/otelcol/config/collector/agent_config.yaml)
as a reference.

### From 0.114.0 to 0.115.0

> - Replace the sapm exporter in the traces pipline with otlphttp.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Replace the sapm exporter in the traces pipeline with otlphttp.
```

>   More details: https://github.com/signalfx/splunk-otel-collector/pull/5588.

Reviewer: Also, mention that `samp` exporter is still working as before, it's just deprecated. We need to make it sound that it's not super critical to update right away.

>   Configuration for `otlphttp` exporter should look like this:

Reviewer: Should be something like this
```suggestion
1. Replace `sapm` exporter with `otlphttp` having the following configuration:
```

  ```yaml
  otlphttp:
    traces_endpoint: "${SPLUNK_INGEST_URL}/v2/trace/otlp"
    headers:
      "X-SF-Token": "${SPLUNK_ACCESS_TOKEN}"
  ```

> 

Reviewer: 2. Update `traces` pipeline to use `otlphttp` exporter instead of `sapm`:

```yaml
service:
  pipelines:
    traces:
       exporters: [otlphttp, signalfx]
```
